Hey, why hasn't the eldest prince come yet?
Now Chen Yuanxiao is tracking us down
Call us over at such a dangerous time
What are you trying to do?
Don't you know when the eldest prince arrives?
The first prince can't come, can the 13th prince come?
Chen Yuanxiao is you
I was the one who asked you out
The sun is just right
Boil wine and tea
No, we got it.
Go out and keep them
Your Highness, this is the ledger collected from them
I'd like to see it
Where 100,000 silver left
What's the matter, Your Highness?
Intellectual disability
When your 100,000 taels of silver flow to Tianzhu
What? Isn't that right?
This eldest prince has already betrayed the country through the emperor
Ok ok
And I was right.
Tell me what reward you want.
Humble jobs don't require any rewards
As long as you can always be in front of His Highness
Saddle before and after
Humble job is contented
Why do you still call me Your Highness?